---
layout: post
title:  "what name to write under"
date:   2020-10-08 09:03:56 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---
A key decision is whether to write under an anonymous/psuedonym or my own name.
I lean towards a pseudonym - especially at first - because:
For me, it allows a little greater freedom of writing, without worrying about how it reflects on my professional/personal life. I don’t have a fear of being doxxed, although I’d prefer not to. Some may know me in real life.  I don’t intend to write about things that would harm my reputation or I’m scared to be associated with  - nevertheless the separation greatly appeals to me.  I can use personal anecdotes with non-specific details without feeling like I’m oversharing publicly.

It focuses on the idea, rather than the individual.   
The majority of content I consume, I like to be authored from sources who I don’t know - at least initially - their real-life identity.
There are certain types of claims (expand on?) that it's very strong to have someone’s name associated with. 
Their name associated with the work can lend credibility due expertise in a given domain.
the inherent stakes with having their name associated with their work gives a clear motivation to not be deceitful(better word?). 
An author’s name can also lead to biases - where I might be more inclined to believe or dismiss their claim than perhaps I should be.
Earlier drafts : I can feel more comfortable having an piece under a pseudonym at an earlier stage while it’s being formulated, and then perhaps deciding to move it under my real name
A pseudonym (that isn’t greatly established) doesn’t allow establishing credibility by ethos, so I have to use pathos/logos instead.


[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
